# Encapsulation
Encapsulation involves hiding the inner workings of a class. This involves declaring instance variables as private and using getter and setter methods to change them. Encapsulation increases the security of a program by only allowing users indirect access to important variables. A setter method allows invalid input to be filtered out so that private variables do not acquire invalid values.

# Coupling
Coupling describes how interconnected various components in a system are. Loose coupling is generally more desirable as it makes components more reusable and allows them to be modified independently without modifying any other component.

# Mutability
Mutability refers to whether a variable can change or not. Data types such as strings are immutable. Once a value is encoded in memory, that value cannot be changed. To change the value of the variable, a new copy of the variable must be created and stored in another memory location. Mutable data types such as arrays and hash maps can change. Their values can be changed in memory without having to create a new copy.

# 2 b).
The class Mute is mutable because it can be extended.
For example:

class Two extends Mute {
    public Two() {
        super();
    }
    public void newMethod() {
        System.out.println("New method added");
    }
}
As the class can be extended, it can be changed and it therefore mutable. The class Mute can be made immutable by declaring it as final. Final classes are immutable as they cannot be inherited. You may want to create an immutable class if you intend to instantiate it without making any further changes. For example, if you had a Person class with instance variables such as hair and eye colour, it would be appropriate to specify this class as immutable since you don't want to make any changes to its instance variables once they have been declared.

# How to Reduce Coupling
The rental class uses a Movie object and its methods. This dependence results in coupling which makes the program less flexible. Coupling can be reduced by using an interface. The interface could be called Product. The getPriceCode() method can then be implemented in the Rental and Movie classes. Using interfaces reduces coupling because every class is now dependent on the interface. If a class changes, another class is not affected because it will only be affected by the interface.
