# Q3 a)
Why is testing important in the refactoring process? At what stage of the refactoring
process should testing applied? Explain your answer.

Refactoring involves making changes to code and may therefore introduce new bugs to a system. Regression testing ensures that a program continues to function at its original level after refactoring has taken place. Regression testing should take place every time some refactoring has taken place to ensure that the program still functions as it should.

# Q3 b)
**Refactoring Pros**
- Could be a much faster process than starting again.
- Programmers already familiar with the codebase would not have to relearn the codebase.

**Starting Again Pros**
- If the code is particularly hard to understand, starting again will save time.
- Generally, it's easier to write code from scratch than change existing code. This factor may also result in time saved.

# Q3 c)
abstract class Animal {
    abstract void talk();
}

class Cat implements Animal {
    public void talk() {
        System.out.println("Meow!");
    }
}

class Dog implements Animal {
    public void talk() {
        System.out.println("Woof!");
    }
}

class Bird implements Animal {
    public void talk() {
        System.out.println("Tweet!");
    }
}

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Animal[] animals = { new Cat(), new Dog(), new Bird() };
        for(int i = 0; i < animals.length; i++) {
            System.out.println(animals[i].talk());
        }
    }
}

# Q3 d)
Yes. In part c), each animal is implementing its own version of the talk method from animal. If you removed the talk method from animal and stopped each animal from implemeting Animal by removing the line "implements Animal", each animal would now define its own unique talk method. These methods would work but there would be no connection between them.
